- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
We've been through this before.
Zephyr Alexis Navine.
We needed you to understand.
Amalia. Amalia? Amalia!
How long have I been out?
Long enough.
I have to admit.
I thought it would put up
more of a fight.
Then the eyes of the blind
shall be opened,
and the ears of the deaf shall be...
unstoppped.
Then shall the lame man leap as an hart.
And the tongue of the dumb sing.
You're a riddle and
a song and a delight.
And I shall call you Babel.
This is a house built for God!
I can feel him.
Can you?
Here.
He doesn't hurt anymore.
He's just...
Your people built a tower, Babel...
all the way to Heaven.
And they were after a name
for themselves as well.
A name that would bind
them together forever
and ever and ever. Amen.
Then, they wouldn't get lost, you see?
But I lost my friends.
Clara.
The Colonel.
I was careless.
Now, there's just the sad policeman.
I have to learn to keep
the good ones safe.
You?
You have to prove yourself.
Everyone is tested in their time.
Forged in the fire.
It's funny how I didn't burn.
Maybe I can't.
Maybe...
I won't.
It turned out God didn't
want those people
to find out their true name.
And He didn't want them
in Heaven either.
He broke their tower, and He
confounded their language,
and He scattered them across the Earth,
so they would never, ever,
ever find one another again.
So they would always be alone. And He...
Can you understand it, Babel?
Is it speaking?
What's it saying?
No...
Help.
It is calling for help.
And the tongue of the dumb
shall sing.
Where...
is my daughter?!
You must be mistaken, my Lord!
Your daughter is dead!
I stood by you while you...
buried her for all the world to see!
She's with her own now.
Somewhere she should have
been a long time ago.
What have you done?
You going somewhere?
Watch yourself!
Find her.
Why won't it die?
- Bring me the carbine.
- Yes, run and get the big guns.
You're not looking at all well.
I'm having a bad day.
I rather think that it's hurting you
when we hurt the creature.
I always suspected it,
but the doctor and I
couldn't break through
the shell to prove the theory.
You and Hague.
Yes. Such a disappointment.
You have no idea what
the Galanthi means to us.
To the future of the world.
I had thought that you
were immune to melodrama,
Mrs. True. That's one of the things
that appealed to me about you.
And, of course, I understand exactly
what the creature means to the Touched.
That's why it must die.
No matter the cost.
Including to your own brother, Lavinia?
Especially to my own brother.
I'm sure you find him sweet,
rather awkward,
an eccentric soul misunderstood
by society.
Ms. Adair, perhaps you've seen
little glimpses, little rages.
Augustus's anger is
not a trifling matter,
and his turn has made him deadly.
That is not the man I know.
Well, love is blind.
But the veil has fallen from my eyes.
I know now that my duty
is to cure Augustus.
For your safety.
And for the sake of
this world that Mrs. True
is so concerned about.
You have no way of knowing
if this will take away the turns!
You said it yourself!
It's just hurtin' us!
If you kill the Galanthi, you
might as well shoot us, too!
- What?
- My dear, I have no intention of shooting you.
I merely intend for you to watch.
- "Shoot us, too"?
- I'm just trying to stall.
- I don't know what I'm supposed to say.
- Maybe something
without the downside
of getting us killed.
How about the upside of getting us free?
Rusty nail, frayed telephone wire.
- Advanced science that.
- Best kind.
- Missed you.
- I know you did.
Frank! Frank.
Very important. Things to do.
We have got to get drunk.
Don't worry. He's already started.
Frank, please join us.
I've, uh...
I've done a good thing.
It's a new sensation.
- Harriet helped.
- Harriet helped?
She gave the speech of the
fucking century more like!
Where is she? Where's the girl?
Lillie, you're new here,
so you might not know that
everyone at the orphanage
is something of a rarity.
We try not to stare.
Even if a person is large.
I think you're magnificent.
Frank. We won.
We saved the orphanage.
Congratulations.
I don't think Lillie requires
our protection anymore.
Sooner or later, he'll
come to claim her.
And when he does,
I'll be waiting.
You found the Primary Case Study.
Well then, you can arrest Massen.
That time has passed.
I'm sorry I won't stand around
and watch a good man
go to prison for the rest of his life
for the murder of some
worthless fucking toff.
Not when that man is somebody that I...
- that I care about.
- You mustn't talk that way.
It's the truth. It's how I feel.
It's not... real.
It's not possible.
This.
Why can't you see that?
We just brought a stag-headed girl
to an orphanage to be
looked after by a woman
with fire for hands and a...
débutante giantess!
I think what is possible
is very much up for debate.
- Get it over with.
- Yes, my lady.
And I looked, and behold a pale horse.
And his name that sat on him was Death.
Mabel!
Hello, skin-shedder.
Bloody cowards, those carriage men.
- They just took off.
- You're on your mettle, girl.
Remember, one loyal woman
is worth more to me
than an army of weaklings.
Mabel!
You've been so busy recently,
haven't you?
All these campaigns.
Plans within plans within plans.
Honestly, you bring such
a tremendous energy,
to everything you do.
And I don't want you to think
that I'm without admiration, but...
You see,
sooner or later, Lavinia...
somebody has to stop you.
Otherwise, what would you become?
Well?
Aren't you going to shout at me?
Tell me how pathetic I am?
You could scream for help.
Always with the upper hand.
Tell me, Lavinia.
Is there nothing that I could do
that might shock you?
Orrun!
Orrun! Are you there?
Call off your army!
The Purists!
- You must call them off!
- Call 'em off?
I'd sooner pipe the rats outta London.
No.
I'm calling in that favor.
Do you understand me?
Get me the fuck...
outta this shithole of a city
before it eats itself alive.
- What happened here?
- What happened?
The doctor did his rounds.
He found out all about our little plan.
London must be burned!
London must be burned...
And she shall rise up from the root.
Get away from it.
If I wanted it dead,
I wouldn't have just
saved its life, would I?
Myrtle?
See, I'm a skin-shedder, too.
It's not as hard as you
like to make it look.
Amalia.
Talking isn't always telling.
- What did you see?
- The orphanage.
And what?
They're in danger. They don't
even have any defenses.
I blew the fuckin' power grid.
We can't just leave it here.
Not with her. Penance!
You have to stay.
Help me find a way to heal it.
All I know is if I'm breathing my last,
and I ask myself what I did
with this life I was given,
I won't have it on my conscience
that I abandoned my friends.
Not when they need me most.
It's always the choices
for you, isn't it?
If you hurt it, I will hunt you
down and cut you to shreds.
We all have our scars.
So you're just gonna have to
get used to the idea, Aneel.
I'm gonna start my own practice,
and if that's not the kind
of wife you want,
then maybe I'll just have to find myself
- a new kind of husband.
- Well, you can't just disband the club.
What are your workers gonna do?
'Cause I've always said
- they need some kind of union.
- Well, you know what they say.
Every union needs
the right kind of leader.
Oh, trying to recruit me?
Look at all this finery.
So what do you think?
Or are you still just passing through?
Do you know, I might stay
a few more days.
Hm...
George? What's got into you today?
Nothing. No. Just...
looking for Primrose.
Brought some cake.
He was a dragonfly when first I saw him!
He burned through the sky
like a silent judgment!
But in the water, he was small again.
Nothing but a singing fish. Now look.
Oh, he's grown so big.
It hurts to change.
I know.
Ah...
Aah!
You look like the doctor,
and you smell like the doctor.
Somehow, you're...
More.
- More?
- We came from the wires...
How many of you in there? Legion, is it?
You're spoiling him.
I was gonna wait.
Seventeen, six hundred days to go.
It was supposed to be special!
This host...
is... damaged.
But I have to do it.
I'm to end this mortal coil.
I can't do that if I'm talking
to a fucking cipher, can I?!
Where's the poetry in that?!
Where is the...
I am looking for someone
to do a special study
with at my facility.
You must be Sarah.
Looks like we've got what we need...
for a good old-fashioned exorcism.
- Get the defenses up.
- No power.
The Purists are coming.
- Katherine! Katherine.
- Where have you been?
- Horatio, what happened?
- W-where's Isaiah?
- He's with the children. Wha...
- Okay, good.
We're under attack. So take Isaiah,
and find a safe place to hide
and you don't come out.
You understand? I need you both safe.
Go. Okay, go. Go. Go, go.
Go, go!
What we made of?
The steel in our hands,
- or the steel in our hearts?
- Yeah!
- Let the doctor burn our fucking guns.
We still got blades, ain't we?
- Yeah!
- We still got fists and teeth!
Yeah!
Purify!
Open the door!
This is what we've trained for!
Time to use what we've been given, hm?
This way! Keep going!
This way! This way! This way!
Come on!
Oh, my God. Look at their face...
We're losing our turns.
Penance! No.
- You're not going in.
- Why? We have to help them!
We need the defenses
back up. Make it safe.
Somewhere we can bring everyone.
I'll go in and get them.
Just go. Come on.
- Let me go! Let me go!
- Penance! Go.
Why are you doing this?
- Why are you doing this?
- The Galanthi showed me.
It showed me what...
what has to happen.
You're keeping something from me?
You were keeping something
from me in the power station,
and you're keeping
something from me now.
- No.
- Swear it, then.
On my life.
- Myrtle, no.
- I'm going in.
No, you're following
my orders, understood?
You abandoned us.
You risked the orphanage
for your fucking mission.
Now you want me to take your orders?
I'm finding my friend.
Myrtle, stop.
Mundi.
- You sure as hell took your time.
- Where is everyone?
- We sent them to hide. He's been covering.
- There's too many of them.
- I can't find Lillie.
- Who?
- You've missed a lot.
- I know.
Primrose?
Myrtle. Myr...
Go after her. We'll carry
on searching down here.
Myrtle?
Purify.
No... Primrose...
No.
You came back!
I know.
- And you?
- I can speak.
I'm so glad.
But Myrtle, it's been terrible.
I wanted to fight. I was going
to try and help them.
And then...
- I just hid.
- It's alright.
Just think, you can go home now.
To all your real friends
and your debutante ball.
- You can meet the Queen.
- I don't want to meet the bloody Queen!
I'd only get the curtsy wrong.
Mother said I always did.
And all my friends were horrible snobs.
You're the only real friend
I've ever had.
But of course...
I know your family will
have you back now, so.
Didn't want me then.
Not gonna get me now.
Well then,
we are not going to be orphans anymore
because we'll have each other, won't we?
Alright.
We can climb down, get to the gate...
Myrtle, we can't leave.
We have to try and help them.
Right. We'll find Amalia.
Is this your best friend, Speak Freak?
Remember mine, do you?
My Nancy.
I tell you what.
I'm gonna make you a fair exchange.
You come over here,
and I'm gonna put this knife in you
the way you did my Nancy.
And that way,
your little princess here
makes it out of here alive!
Myrtle, don't.
- Myrtle, no!
- That's it. Come on.
Oh, it's gonna slide in so easy.
Right up close!
You don't deserve this.
I do.
Primrose! Primrose!
No, no, no! Please! Help!
Amalia? Have you seen my family?
Fuck.
Can't clean this up.
Go.
Stay quiet. Shh, shh, shh. No sound.
It's alright. It's alright.
What have we ever faced
that your good old mum
couldn't sort out, eh?
Here.
The same shall drink of the wine
of the wrath of God! And their kingdom
will be full of darkness and torment!
Come on, then.
Let's dance.
Lillie! Lillie!
I know you're here.
Come out.
Now.
My God.
Lillie.
The orphanage is overrun.
Let-let me get you to safety.
No, I'd rather die than be
alone in that prison again!
There's no need. You don't
have to hide anymore.
Hide?
You locked me away!
For your own good.
- Because I was shameful.
- No, because you were a monster.
- Stop it!
- No! No!
See?
The monster hasn't gone.
She's still here, Daddy,
and she'll always be here.
No.
Let go of me!
Wouldn't do that if I was you.
Go.
- You're not a Purist.
- No, I ain't.
- What do you want?
- Justice.
For the murder of Mary Brighton.
For the torture of Sarah Eason.
For the incarceration of
that little girl of yours
who you locked up in the dark for years
while she screamed and howled
and sat in her own filth.
Ah!
There is no justice.
There are no rules. There is only man
and what he can bend to his will.
I'm afraid you put yourself
in the way of mine.
Aah!
Might have known
I'd find you in the gutter.
Looking at the stars.
Oh, no.
You don't give up, do you?
I've rebuked you, and I've bled you,
and I-I've cast you out in the name
of every heathen deity,
and yet still, you persist.
What are you?
Sarah...
I thought you remembered everything, no?
The voice on the line.
Whispers in the dark.
Mother.
Guided this hand.
Now, we guide this flesh.
And if we can't borrow, we will destroy.
We cannot be contained for long.
We... run... hot.
The wires. That's where it came from.
No.
Like a stream of fire from an oak.
And when it was gone,
nothing remained but a blasted stump.
Mother.
No.
- She was inside me.
- It was a demon.
No...
She was a fungus.
Soft...
and spreading.
More and more of her.
All that she never was.
And she never was...
Mother.
You know, Doctor.
I used to think that we were
all pawns in some great game.
And we don't know the rules.
And we can't see the players.
But now, I know...
that there is always...
a choice.
See who I brought to greet you.
Our old friend.
You remember?
Yes, Sarah.
I do.
And the eyes of the blind shall see.
- Katherine!
- Horatio?
Stay inside!
Amalia?
Hey, hey, hey!
I've died before.
I thought it would be
a terrible thing to do.
But it wasn't much in the end.
Just a moment.
Into the dark.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. Come on!
Mrs. True.
I'll hold you in my heart
for as long as it's beatin'.
And until my last breath.
I'll tell everyone your
name who comes after.
If that's alright.
Zephyr Alexis Navine.
Who laid down her life for her friends.
Death shall have no dominion.
Not for us.
We've been through this before.
Talking isn't always telling.
You gave your life for your friends
because we needed you to understand...
why we would do the same.
You gave me a gift once.
To set me free.
- Frank?
- I'm here.
It's alright. It's alright.
It's alright.
That's better.
You will not take our home!
I didn't keep them safe.
I couldn't.
So is the Galanthi gone then?
It was never gone.
It was always here, inside us.
Death shall have no dominion.
That was its plan.
Sacrifice.
To share itself.
And the spores?
Not spores.
Seeds.
It sowed itself in us.
We are Galanthi, Penance.
And now, there'll be so many more.
Pretty.
Look! They're everywhere!
More of us.
To be spat at in the street
and murdered in our home.
What, you think the hate
dies with the Purists?
The Galanthi just took us for its own.
It colonized our world without
so much as a "beg your pardon".
You think any of them asked for this?
- You always said the turns are gifts.
- Look!
Just would you look around you!
Look at what my gifts have done for us!
This is it!
- This is the future that was promised!
- No.
We're here to change
the future, Penance.
I changed a rippling.
- And the Galanthi showed me...
- The Galanthi.
The Galanthi has used you!
And I used you.
It never felt like that.
Not even once.
Amalia...
I said that I would follow you
to the ends of the Earth.
Here we are.
Augie.
♪ I'll find you ♪
♪ In the morning sun ♪
♪ And when the night is new ♪
♪ I'll be looking at the moon ♪
♪ But I'll be seeing... ♪
♪ You... ♪
♪ I'll... ♪
♪ Be seeing you ♪
♪ In all the old familiar places ♪
♪ Let this heart of mine embrace us ♪
♪ All day through ♪
♪ In that small cafe ♪
♪ The park across the way ♪
♪ The children's carousel ♪
♪ The chestnut trees ♪
♪ The wishing well ♪
♪ I'll be seeing you ♪
♪ In every lovely summer's day ♪
♪ In everything that's light and gay ♪
♪ I'll always think of you that way ♪
♪ I'll find you in the morning sun ♪
♪ And when the night is new ♪
♪ I'll be looking at the moon ♪
♪ But I'll be seeing ♪
♪ You... ♪
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -